>> Steve: Earlier, we figured out how to
take all of those actions, like creating
a post and removing a post, we took
them out of the application component.
But still, all of our state is still
stored in that top level component.
We didn't really, fully solve
the problem yet, which is fine.
We're getting there.
But now what we want to do is,
this application could grow.
I plan on making a lot of
money with this application.
It's going to grow very big.
So what we're going to want to do is be
able to figure out a way to be able to
pass different pieces of Firebase state
to kind of smaller components, right?
It's not tenable long term to be
able to just kind of go ahead and
pass everything down.
The application is small now, but
it could eventually get a lot bigger.
And there are whole bunch of
different ways we can do this, but
we're gonna look at kind of a modern one.
In the previous version of this course, we
hooked the Realtime Database up to Redux.
And that approach will still work,
that's what you're interested
in basically using Redux Thunk.
You subscribe to the events and you
basically keep dispatching actions, right?
You basically have a thunk that
just continually dispatches
on every update, right?
We saw the in Coldfire
store with the doc changes,
we actually have a really
great way of doing that.
Cuz, we know when it's added or removed,
when we get very granular with
the actual actions that take place.
With that said, we're gonna try
something a little bit simpler
since we have a few more built
in options now within React.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna use
the Context API, and we're gonna basically
pull out this idea of having the user and
the idea of having the post.
And so we can wrap it around any component
that needs the post or the user.
So eventually, we are going to
do this a few different ways.
We create a provider and
consumer for post and for
user for
our stateless functional components.
And then, we'll also use some
higher order components for
the ones that have forms, right?
Cuz, we'd have to wrap them first,
it's just simply pass them into
the function would be a lot easier.